## What is it?

This is the official site of the [京JS](http://jingjs.org) conference held in Beigjing on November 19-20, 2013.

It is a simple [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) site and served as a Github page (because we're cheap bastards, and also Github pages is pretty awesome).

## Installing & Running it

You'll need jekyll, npm, grunt and bower installed. Once you're done, just install the node modules, the bower dependencies and run grunt:

    npm install
    bower install
    grunt

You'll also need to run Jekyll (I know):

    jekyll --server --auto

Or (if you have the newest version)

	jekyll serve --watch

## Where is what?

Most of what you'll end up modifying should sit in the `_posts/` or `images/` folders:

- `_posts/`:
  - `profiles/`: the user profiles, the only tricky part is the `featured` boolean which decides of whether or not we display the profile on the front page.
  - `posts/`: the... blog posts.
- `images/`: pictures for the design, sponsors, speakers and organizers.

## Things to keep in mind

- [Jekyll Documentation](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/usage/)
- The `_site/` directory is where pages generated by jekyll are placed. Don't edit anything in here, your changes would not be permanent. Nor would they get uploaded to github.
- The `Master` branch is where the files are generated for [wiredcraft.com](http://wiredcraft.com) as opposed to the `gh-pages` branch. You can stage commits in `gh-pages` and later merge them into the `master` branch.
- Blog posts and most entries must be saved as markdown, `filename.md`, not saving it as markdown may result as the entry not being generated in html. Silly mistake, but it can leave you confused & frustrated.

## How do I hack things?

Try to not edit the style unless you know what you're doing; you'll find the SASS file at `scss/style.css`. The layouts are in `_layouts/`.